So, someone in the chat asked,
how would you do this,
the CSS variable part,
how would you do that in React?
Because I did talk about how using
a framework like React does make this
a little bit easier.
Or at least defining each of the variables
easier than manually putting them in.
So let's say I had an array of balls,
so const balls equals,
just call this one,
two, three, four, five.
So, in frameworks like React or Vue,
they have special constructs that allow
you to map over an array of element or
sorry an array of items and
transform those into elements.
So for example, we could say balls.map and
we get the ball and the index and
so we could return the ball.
We have to give it a key,
at least in React and
then, so let's reload this.
Okay, so now we get five balls.
So if we add style here and
this was what the original question was,
we could set double dash I,
which is the index to I, to that value.
And so now if we add an animation here,
so for example key frames,
slide right,
transform none to transform translate X.
Let's just say 300% and
we add that animation
to the ball, slide right over 0.3 seconds.
And let's give it both.
They're gonna move at the same time.
So now if we want it to be
based on their position, so
sort of doing a staggering animation,
we could just say calc far I and
multiply that by some sort of fixed value.
So 0.1 seconds for instance.
And so now we have a staggering animation.
So this is how you would do it in React.